[tasks] Remove unused options from deps (#5939)
DataDog/datadog-agent: docs/dev/agent_dev_env.md

## Installing dependencies

> From the root of `datadog-agent`, run `invoke deps`. This will use `go` to install the necessary dependencies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From the root of `datadog-agent`, run `invoke deps`. This uses `go` to install the necessary dependencies.
```
